DRIVERS-1571 Retry on different mongos when possible (#1450)
mongodb/specifications: source/retryable-writes/retryable-writes.rst

  <../client-side-operations-timeout/client-side-operations-timeout.rst#retryability>`__.
- CSOT is not enabled and one retry was attempted.

> For each retry attempt, drivers MUST select a writable server. Server on wich

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each retry attempt, drivers MUST select a writable server. Server on which
```

the operation failed MUST be provided to the server selection mechanism as

> a de-prioritized server. If the driver cannot select a server for a retry attempt

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a deprioritized server. If the driver cannot select a server for a retry attempt
```
